changes for branding and error details (#108)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/reference/branding/darkmode-primary-color.md

# Primary Color (Dark Mode)
- Type: `hex code`

> - Example: `#6F43E7`

Reviewer: Is `#` required?

- Default: Pomerium Purple

> User's can add a Primary Color that be used in the Theming for the Enterprise Console. This is the color used when users are in Dark Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can add a primary color that will be used for branding and theming for the Pomerium's Enterprise Web Console and information pages. This is the color used when users are in Dark Mode.
```

Though it is set in the console, these colors will be applied to information pages too, right? 

Although, I guess there's really not a dark mode for the user info or error pages....

> Users can add a primary color that will be used for branding and theming for the Pomerium's Enterprise Web Console and information pages. This is the color used when users are in Dark Mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can add a primary color that will be used for branding and theming for Pomerium's Enterprise Web Console and information pages. This is the color used when users are in Dark Mode.
```
